I've gotten statements from Olga to
put them live family Okay, I'll get to
it, okay, I want to explain. This is
probably going to be a bit long. It's
probably a bit
long because the truth is that there is a lot of
information, but I'm going to try to
explain it in the simplest way
possible, at least so that it is
easier to digest. I'm going to explain it
so that it is clear. What is the
information? In reality, I was going to record a
video with my cell phone. The thing is, it's
better that I show you some
screenshots and some clicks and some things so
that all the
information is clear because since the
judicial information comes out, it shouldn't come out blindly, let it
come out in its entirety. Okay, I'm going to apply
something very simple, okay, before
starting with everything, I did my homework this afternoon.
Although I was going to rest this
afternoon, I did my homework, okay,
here you have a folder called the first lawsuit, cover of 2016, the second lawsuit, cover of 2018, the third lawsuit, cover of 2019. This lawsuit is very supposed. Now I will explain it and the fourth lawsuit, which is the deluxe, let's see it in  summary the
lawsuits that have been won are almost
all the summary ok the summary is the
following the first lawsuit in which it has just
prevailed Okay and
Olga Moreno has won it already firm meaning this one can no longer be
appealed okay the second
lawsuit has also been won by Olga Moreno
both in the first instance and in the
provincial court and the supreme court is missing
because Rocío Carrasco evidently
appealed too okay at any
moment we have the result of this
second lawsuit this third lawsuit was
announced with great fanfare but
nobody can find any information
about this third lawsuit okay so
this third lawsuit is a cover from
2019 that the lawsuit was announced I think it was
never published or rather because the
media keeps information about this and you lie they
know nothing about this lawsuit
meaning this lawsuit was announced and the media
that reported the news say that there is
a lawsuit but it has not yet been
admitted for processing okay that's a
joke and now I'm going to explain it to you
Okay and the fourth lawsuit is the one that
was in trial last week which is the one
that has been read apart from these
four supposed lawsuits Rocío  Carrasco
had a criminal complaint with Olga Moreno
over the issue of the revelation of Secreto
that has also been filed and they have not
said anything either in lectura or in
sárme or anywhere about these people
so that you understand it very simply
because I have been finding when I
was looking for information
finding that depending on What is
the medium they tell you some things or they
color it in another way okay in the end it is
telling you the same thing but depending on the
receiver of what is put or what is
not put Okay, well I understand it
one way or another So what I
always want is for my audience Let's
see, it's not that I am giving you
law classes here because I am not a
lawyer or jurist or judge or anything like that
the knowledge that I have I am
learning is I am always in
constant learning Because as I
dedicate myself to what I dedicate myself to, well I
inform myself and as I inform myself, well I have
read 800,000 sentences 800,000
lawsuits and more or less I understand how it
works Okay, when you file a
civil lawsuit, it is not  reporting a
crime okay so when you are
filing a civil lawsuit the person
who has been sued even if
convicted has not committed a crime what they would have done
would be a violation of
honor which basically goes from that in
some public statements that they have
made well they have damaged the image the
prestige the honor of the person okay
But that is not a crime that is what they had by having
damaged their honor Well
basically with that lawsuit they are demanding
money there is a fact that I have confirmed that is
not what I was saying these days
in all the magazines the fact is about
150,000 euros In addition I have here the
copies of the lawsuit And this thing about the
150,000 euros I believe that it comes from
something that is very simple okay Olga
Moreno with all the processes both with
the criminal and with the civil ones has been
calm not the next okay or so
super calm I say this
sincerely you know that if I
have to tell you something that I don't like or
that I think Olga is wrong whatever it is
I will say it okay But sincerely Olga
has been both with one process and with
the others completely calm so much so that
she  lawsuits and goes
directly to the law firm who
are the ones who understand that they are the ones who
manage it and I think she made a mistake in
the Sálvame Deluxe because she said that in
each lawsuit she asked for 150,000 I don't know if she was
wrong Because she was wrong, or
rather, she got the figure wrong, that's it or
because there was also a magazine, I don't
remember if it was a week or a reading that on
the cover when the
lawsuits were announced this magazine on the cover
said 150,000 in each one Okay, well it
's not 150,000 it's 90,000 euros Rocío
Carrasco in each lawsuit that she files against
Olga Moreno asks for
90,000 euros you have to be very clear about
one thing Okay, civil lawsuits, which
are basically claiming Pacha, are always
admitted for processing, the ones that have to be
seen if they are admitted or filed are
the criminal ones, for
a criminal case to be admitted for processing there has to be some
indication that the judges say, okay, come on,
let's take a look at the  Prosecutors, we're not
going to take a look to see if there's
anything, no, because it seems like there could be, it's not
even that there's any evidence, okay,
but normally a complaint, not a
criminal complaint, has to indicate something, no,
so that it's not, I don't know, complicated, okay, there are times when it slips through, there are times when they
file criminal complaints that are
nonsense, okay, because, hey, because they worked
really hard when filing it, they
wrote it very well or whatever and it
slips through, okay, but then that doesn't
mean there's a trial, okay, because they
can admit it for processing, then there's a
diligence, but then there isn't, maybe there's no
trial because the moment
there's a statement, a hearing or whatever,
definitively or provisionally,
but it goes away, it goes to hell, not like for
example this, not like for example this thing about
the revelation of Secrets. But well,
okay, because I'm telling you and I'll clarify and I'll
emphasize the issue that civil complaints are
always admitted for processing because these
media, the ones that are on
Rocío Carrasco's side, when they announce
Rocío Carrasco's lawsuits, they always
put you  admitted for processing it has already been
admitted for processing that it's not that it has been
admitted for processing son it's that
civil cases are always admitted for processing right now if I feel like throwing money away and giving it away Well, I can file a lawsuit against Ampari fg because she just put three emojis in the chat okay, I mean Amparo Look, Ampari put three emotes in the chat and they
offend me okay, I'll file a lawsuit, I
mean, I'll spend 6,000 euros on the lawyer, a
thousand on the attorney another thousand on the
provision of funds, I'll spend 10,000 bucks
no, that's what it costs to file it
No, I'd spend that money to file
a lawsuit against Party and they'll admit it for
processing and they'll do it Party has to
spend the money on a lawyer that will
cost based on what I ask you know it's
a pain So what's happening
what happens is that Rocío Carrasco doesn't
file a lawsuit no I mean, she doesn't file a
lawsuit  Antonio David does not file a lawsuit against
Olga, does not file a lawsuit against Raquel
Mosquera, Rocio Carrasco always
files one for each program,
okay, for example, he
files two lawsuits against Raquel Mosquera, which are two
interviews in which she is saying the
same thing, damn, file a lawsuit and you put
everything against Olga Moreno, 4, it's not
four, actually, it's three, okay, because there is
one that nobody knows where she is, but
well, he files three lawsuits for three
interviews or four for four
interviews, let's see, file a
lawsuit and put everything against her, no, no, her, why have you
done it? Well, to
economically suffocate the other party, why
because she is a millionaire, the others, no,
based on what Olga is asking for, she
has to spend those costs on the
lawyer while she is defending herself,
and what is the problem? The problem
here is that they are condemning Costa,
then if you want, we can do an
estimated calculation of what Rocio Carrasco has to pay,
which is not little. Okay, now we will
explain to you step by step the lawsuits that she
has filed and how it works, I am going to ask
everyone, okay, since  I
've worked hard on this okay I'm going to ask
everyone to please share
this video and this live that you
share it everywhere in a
sick way okay we don't have the same
impact as the media that is
skewing the information so
share it but in a sick way
you take the link and share it on all your
Facebook statuses you share it in
all your Facebook groups you
share it on your Twitter accounts
in your WhatsApp groups every time
you go to a carrasquista or someone
who is saying that Olga made a
fool of herself in the trial that she freaked out that they
throw everything that is boom the link So be the
most annoying in the world
we want disgusting Pesado okay we want
disgusting Pesado okay let's let's see
the lawsuits let's see the lawsuits and
since we're going to see the lawsuit it
seems to me that there is a very important part
because when the news is given it must be
given in full when the news is given it
must be given in full what cannot
be is that these people always announce themselves  with great
fanfare the lawsuits but
then the results of the lawsuits are
never known or they are given in media that
have less impact than the
main one, not than the original. No, look,
now there is no trial, do you
know why they have released the exclusive, no,
this exclusive obviously comes
from Rocío Carrasco, you do not know
why they have released the exclusive, you know
why they have released the exclusion in
reading, trial, trial, the news is not
the trial, the news is then the
sentence, the news then the sentence.
But do you know why? Because she knows that it is
very likely that she is going to lose that lawsuit
and since she is going to
lose that lawsuit, then she is announcing the trial and
they are selling it, at least these days
as if it were a victory, I mean because they
sell it as a victory because there are
many people who are that stupid, they have
made headlines announcing lawsuits,
not even before it reached
me, I should have been told that they have filed
lawsuits against me and the headlines were in the
press completely blinded as if I
were already guilty before it even
reached me and people have shouted at me. It
was about time, it was about time that you
Karma will arrive bravo for all the damage
let's see what karma [ __ ] what
karma It was about time that a lawsuit reaches me
a lawsuit can reach me
every weekend if you want what you have to
do is win it I
am very calm always I am very
calm super calm Well it turns out that there
are four lawsuits that
Rocío has supposedly filed against Olga one per
interview each Olga's first lawsuit
this first lawsuit is the one that
corresponds to the one she just won
firmly What does firm mean I am also going to
explain today it is a
bit of a legal class but I am going to explain it
so that you always know and so that they do
not manipulate so that
the media does not manipulate and so that the poets do not manipulate
listen to me the truth is that they are always the ones who
manipulate when you file a
lawsuit normally there are three instances
What does three instances mean Well that
is after the trial the first
instance in the court of that is why the
court of first instance does not trial and
the judge makes the first sentence that
sentence can stay there but
normally it is very rare that  It stays there
because no one is satisfied if it's not
one then the other is not satisfied it can't
stay there Depending on the
result, for example, what I'm telling you
is that I don't believe that the claims I have, you
don't appeal and I lose, okay? I don't
think so, it has to be that they held me at
100 euros and I say,
take it, 100 euros and the
trials also have three instances,
normally it's okay, that's why
judicial matters take so long, I mean, that's why
a judicial matter maybe sticks
between 5 and 10 years because when you file
the civil claim, it's worth between that between there
is a trial and not, it takes approximately a year or more,
a year or two, not somewhere
in the middle there is the response to
the claim, the preliminary hearing, anyway,
after the trial, two months more or
less, two weeks, one month, two months, it's worth
more or less in those terms, well, there is the
first sentence, that's why this trial
that happened last week,
surely before the end of the year we
will have the sentence that
Olga will surely also win, then
explain why that
first instance sentence is valid if one of the
parties is not  okay, she appeals to
the provincial court, which is made up of three
judges, to ask for a second opinion. The
provincial court usually takes
approximately one or two years to
respond. Once they respond, they ratify
the sentence or completely change the
result. This has happened many times, for
example, Irene Montero sued a journalist
who published a poem, they wrote a
poem about her, not saying that she unzipped her
fly for Pablo Iglesias and others, and
in the first instance, the
writers were sentenced to 70,000 euros. Well, in the
second instance, in the supreme court, they
sentenced Irene Montero to pay the costs, that is,
imagine how things can change for you
from the first instance,
any of the others, okay, this
has nothing to do with it. If in the
provincial court, one of the parties
does not agree and appeals, then it goes to the
supreme court. The supreme court usually takes two or three
years. It is very rare that it takes less, okay,
it can even take five years, I mean, it's crazy, that's why the sentence that we have now is this one, even though it is a cover from 2016, the lawsuit was filed in 2019, if I'm not mistaken, I don't know if in  2019-2018 could have
been 2018 okay the first one was put together
the second one look at you, I mean he
puts them both together he could have
put them in one and he puts them both
together because he puts them to screw around No
good In total this is the one in which now you ca
n't appeal of course
The money increases that is very good information
Jordi that now I will explain also the
money if you keep appealing Then if you
lose it's worse You end up spending
a lot more money This is the one that
Olga has won right now that he to whom we are
giving so much Look at my Paula on the
cover is that who is going to lose a
lawsuit that you file against this cover,
let's go, they condemn this cover and I will
pay it if necessary this one has won
now Olga firm or in other words Rocío Carrasco
cannot appeal now Rocío Carrasco this one
has to pay the costs Ok a
photo look what vanity published of the
lawsuit Look at the first instance of
Alcobendas okay September 3, 2018
okay the lawsuit is filed against Olga  Moreno
and rb to magazines as if she were the owner
of the magazine semana to rba they also
usually because rba is not the owner of the
magazine semana okay it is only a distributor I
think and look as you can see it is
90,000 euros okay it is 90,000 euros it
always asks for a thousand euros what more do we have
Well look at the first and such will be
dismissed and the provincial court of
Madrid dismisses the appeal of Rocío
Carrasco everything comes to mind of a
cover in the magazine semana in which
Olga Moreno said that for
my husband's children I am not their mother I am their
salvation the daughter of Rocío Jurado
considered that these words and the
defendant violated her honor with the
revelation of certain details of her
personal life related to her wedding with
Fidel alvear but the court of first
instance of alcobenda dismissed her
case It does not specify in the lawsuit what
specific facts of those reported
constitute an illegitimate intrusion into the
privacy of the plaintiff the
plaintiff herself had allegedly publicized her
future marriage to  which is
referred to in the interview so she
had not completely removed her
private life from public knowledge On the
other hand, the estrangement of the
plaintiff and the children and their non-attendance
at her wedding was a fact well
known to regular readers and viewers
here basically what
this lady is telling you is what she
is saying the law and the
law already if she herself is
selling these things in the magazine here
they refer to that Rocío Flores on her
Twitter made publications saying that
my mother's name is Olga what I want to
show you are the things that were said
that the judges have considered that do not
violate the honor of Rocío Carrasco, in other words,
telling this to Rocío Carrasco It is
legal no matter how much she wants to say the
opposite that Olga has acted as a mother to
these children that Olga has been the
salvation of these children and that
Rocío Carrasco has not acted as a
mother because not even the children have
gone to the wedding and they have and people can have an
opinion about the estrangement she has with
her children okay And now this lawsuit was
dismissed in the first instance in
February 2020 the provincial court
ratifies the sentence and dismisses it and
the Supreme Court has just
dismissed it definitively
okay it gives a slap on the wrist to
Fidel Alveac's wife by highlighting that she herself has
done interviews for
gossip magazines and has put at risk the
privacy that he so jealously defends by
putting her in successive interviews okay so
basically this woman does
extravagant scandalous things to
sell herself in magazines and on
gossip TV shows and
then tries to defend an honor and a
privacy that she doesn't have
Oh okay okay okay okay
here is the clarification of the 150,000
euros 150,000 euros would be if they were
90,000 euros plus costs 90,000 euros plus
things that is the application that fits me
doing more or less the calculation what
I think the costs could be here
okay I think the costs here would
be between 40 and 60,000 euros around there
I would say that is the range because it
is 90,000 euros what she is asking for the costs
are  based on a percentage of
what is requested and then you have to
add the resources, I have been told that
reaching the Supreme Court costs about ten
thousand more bucks so Rocío Carrasco
has to pay for this complaint
apart from what has been spent on
filing it and so on and the provision of funds
and so on Rocío Carrasco is made Now she
has to pay approximately
between 40 and 60,000 euros okay of
which Olga Moreno will recover what she
has spent on defending herself and the rest will
go to her lawyer to the
law firm okay I imagine that is the
agreement that she already has with her with her
firm That is the first lawsuit okay
first lawsuit
chimpún it's over There is nothing left to
scrape okay second lawsuit this second
lawsuit is that you know what happens
when they give the news they
mix one lawsuit with another let's see In
short the summary of all this is
that she is losing them all if you
want to not make a mess and mix the
four or five lawsuits she loses them all
okay it seems very to me  important to
remember them because with this the judge
is not telling you who is right or
who is wrong the judge
is telling you with this is what it
is legal to tell Rocío Carrasco do you
understand me in this lawsuit that she files it on the
same day man, I mean she files the two
lawsuits together, the two lawsuits are
filed one and the other and she presents them on the same day
and they are admitted on the same day and everything is valid, I
mean, they file both lawsuits together, damn Put
one, damn Put one and it makes more difference you
have not understood okay, I mean, like what I
want to tell you, she
files both lawsuits at the same time because this
lawsuit was already dismissed in the first
instance by both the plaintiff and the
defendant. The judge argues that she has
conducted interviews for
celebrity magazines, she is the daughter of Mrs. Rocío Jurado,
being a public figure since
birth, it is also assured in the sentence
that all of Olga's statements
in the interview are subjective, that there
is no vexatious intent and therefore there
is no express interference with any of
the plaintiff's rights despite the
efforts made in recent years
to maintain  certain privacy thresholds float
Rocío Carrasco is famous from
birth and therefore has limited
rights to honor and above all to
privacy and in February 2020 it was
also dismissed in the
provincial court okay This is appealed and we
are waiting for the resolution of the
supreme court which could be at
any time because if this was in
2020 in February 2020 what was said in
the provincial court came out yes Rosito has
appealed it a few months we will have again
news that Olga Moreno has won
a lawsuit that is important here that we
read and remember what Olga said
in that interview what Olga said in
that interview and the judges have
considered that it does not violate
Rosito's honor okay so it is legal to say it
Rocío Flores has so much damage inside for
her father for her brother you know what her
mother is like and you know that she will go to the end
Rocío also does not understand that she feels that her
mother does not love her it is very painful this is
said by Olga Moreno and this is considered
freedom of expression Rocío does not
understand that she feels that her mother does not
love her  It's very painful, my husband
blames Fidel a lot. He has done a lot of harm
to the children. He has done a lot of harm to the
children. Freedom of expression, okay. Today I
speak out because I owe it to those children, and
although I may be criticized, it's clear to me
that a mother who doesn't love her children does
n't love anyone.
[Music]
Freedom of expression has been considered by
many judges, even the Supreme Court.
Ah, no, this one hasn't reached the
Supreme Court. But well, we're about to. This one
has reached the Provincial Court.
We're waiting for the appeal from the
Supreme Court, okay, to the Supreme Court in the first
instance, and in the provincial court,
this has been considered freedom of
expression, okay. She's not going to tell you this in reading. I
'm explaining it to you
because she's not going to explain this to you in
reading. Pay attention to this. Olga Moreno
said, on that occasion,
phrases like
Rocío said that the children were going to
cry tears of blood or that child
needed to leave the house, otherwise I don't know what would have
become of him. She said this in this
interview in readings. Olga Moreno, and in
the court of first instance and in the
provincial court of Madrid, whether it is
considered, her freedom of
expression or whatever is considered, okay.  it would be the
second lawsuit you have been clear
no this second lawsuit has already been
dismissed for Rocío Carrasco in the
first instance in Alcobenda and in the
provincial court of Madrid the
final sentence of the supreme court is missing what are we
going to do if my calculations are correct if
the provincial court issued its
sentence in February 2020 we are
entering 2023 during next year
I would say that at any moment we would already have
the sentence of these people
Okay now comes the magic the third
lawsuit I have to tell you that this
third lawsuit that is supposed to have been
filed or was going to be filed at the end of 2019
nobody knows anything about it nobody knows anything
about this third lawsuit this third
lawsuit is for this cover But I insist
nobody knows anything about this third lawsuit
nobody any media I mean I don't know if
the courts will have anything about this lawsuit
but there is nothing if there is someone
find something that they can send it to me but
no media gives information about this
lawsuit nor any nor any of my
contacts that I have been able to ask
have any information about this
third lawsuit the only information there is
about this third lawsuit is that in
vanitatis announced that it was filed
but not admitted for processing which
can't be because the civil case is always
admitted for processing but nothing is known
but for me this lawsuit doesn't exist okay
for me this lawsuit doesn't exist It's the
typical lawsuit that appears in a newspaper headline
The typical lawsuit that is announced but doesn't
exist okay so people can
celebrate it like a victory or something like that
And how many lawsuits is
this body filing against them Olga deserves
everything you think Olga is bad you know but the fact is
that she's winning them all for me this
lawsuit is a bluff I mean there isn't anything
this lawsuit doesn't exist So this
lawsuit is awesome and now we move on to the
fourth lawsuit the fourth lawsuit is for
Olga Moreno's interview on sálvame
deluxe what Olga said on sálvame delux
here Olga is saying okay is that
a lot of things are being said about
Rocío Flores that are not fair that it
hurts her that Rocío
Flores is being compared to a girl with an older sister
but who is violent and aggressive I wouldn't be
sitting here she's not a violent
or aggressive girl if that were the case then  She would
n't be sitting here because she already
considers that she's sitting here to stand
up for Rocío. She's
come to ask you what's going on, that my
mother doesn't love me, she asked her
this is an objective fact that
she's telling it, her experience could
easily be an experience that she
has no proof of because it's a
conversation that the two of them had at
home and that can't be proven and it's
not recorded. I mean, if the girl asked her that,
what does she want her to do
and
what do you say to her? Nothing bad, nothing bad, I mean, she's not
saying anything bad
to just anyone on the street, it's not going to be
left to your children, do you think?
You think that Rocío Carrasco is happy and
Olga says she can't be happy, she's not
signing, she's not accusing, she's not
charging anything, okay? And continue with the
battle, she doesn't understand anything,
absolutely nothing. When do the children find out?
Rocío Carrasco asks for jail time
for her father,
this is a fact, this is a fact, you'll see, it's
true, it's
been a very hard year, this is a
family experience, I mean, there's no more
abuse, okay?
The abusive father is facing here,
Olga, who doesn't  he's not slandering or
inventing absolutely anything but on
top of that he's doing it with respect
okay all the doors don't matter to him
but he can keep one my
husband can't be my tourist there are too
many demands you can't I mean like
but come on but not a [ __ ] thing but come on not a
[ __ ] thing
this one doesn't talk about the mother the
mother has never been spoken of badly let it be
said she's saying let it be clear that
the mother has never been spoken of badly in her house
for many things that have happened that I'm not
going to comment on but help you like
Fidel no nothing I mean you are completely
free to like Fidel that you don't
like him or so what happens is that you have to like him
by balls nothing bad okay
trials the child goes and you go with the child
by the hand we are there the mother
is like here she tells about the child okay
here tell about the child I mean this is
in the lawsuit made we'll see what
justice says about this incident okay
here to where José Arias is we'll
see what justice says about this
incident eh nothing okay when Rocío David comes out
to greet her nothing and she well  He went out
but And what did the child say to you when
the mother passed by and didn't say anything to him I said
[Music]
Really, you're not going to greet your son
And what did he say This is an anecdote that she
says she has always told him in the same
way I don't think it's a lie because
the truth would have already contradicted herself in
something however Rocío Carrasco has
contradicted herself in millions of things okay okay
here they are talking a little Antonio
Rossi and Beatriz and others not of the opinion
okay I personally in what we have
seen I don't see anything defamatory what I
believe Rocío Carrasco is demanding
here from Olga more than anything apart from the
episode of the child in court
trying to play with that it is a thing
that is the word of one against the
other because surely it will not be
recorded because if it is recorded
maybe it can be released or
the video could have been requested in this trial I don't
know the truth I don't think that it is
recorded but I don't ignore it okay here
the turning point of this lawsuit I
would say that it is the
hospital episode of the child that the child is
admitted and Rocío Carrasco  According to Olga it
took about four or five days to return,
that is Olga's experience, right? But
Rocío Carrasco says that this is false
and she proves it with a
hotel bill. I'll give you a very clear example, okay.
I already have the bill for the hotel where I'm
going tomorrow in Barcelona and maybe
tomorrow my lawyer will tell me that
the trial is suspended and I won't go or I'll get
sick and I won't go, I'm not saying that's the
case nor am I accusing anyone of anything,
but there are a thousand possibilities with which
that bill, a hotel bill, is not
irrefutable proof that you were
in the hospital, you could have
taken the hotel, but maybe it takes a
couple of days to arrive because you're
busy because something came up.
Olga Moreno says that Rocío
Carrasco took five days, four three
days from when the child was admitted.
Rocío Carrasco says no, the first thing doesn't
seem to me to be an accusation of any fact
that violates Rocío Carrasco's honor.
What's happening is that people are going to think that she's a
bad mother, that's why they're going to think it by the
millions.  of things she's going to give her opinion on
many things I don't need to know that
episode to give my opinion on that in total this
episode doesn't affect me at all in what
I think or don't think about Rocio Carrasco she's not
accusing her of a crime she
's not insulting her she's not
diagnosing her with an illness that she doesn't have or she
's bringing to light an
illness that nobody knows about or something like that or in other words these are
facts
that could violate someone's honor there's
nothing for me there's nothing that I don't know that
the fact is false well first of all that
Rocio Carrasco says it's false
for me personally Javier
Oliveira correct me if I'm wrong but
for me the fact that you have a
hotel bill does not irrefutably prove
that you were in the
hospital but apart from that I would go with this I'm
ending this lawsuit because this
lawsuit surely before the end of
the year we will have the final sentence it's
that Rocio Carrasco filed a
lawsuit for something similar here with
Matamoros and if I'm not mistaken it was more or
less the same dates or a little
before I think that Kiko Matamoros was
a little bit earlier Well no, the one was around
the same date because Kiko
Matamoros' case was also around the same date
more or less I don't know about that but the
Matamoros team has been dismissed before okay
Kiko Matamoros said that Rocio Carrasco
had missed an appointment with the Doctor's child
and Carrasco sued for that
Kiko Matamoros and Kiko Matamoros won the lawsuit I
mean if Kiko Matamoros has won it
Olga is not going to win it it's
public knowledge that they have a
feud they have
family problems they don't get along they have a grudge against each other
that they have both talked about each
other Rocio Carrasco has
dedicated I don't know how many episodes to her
telling her she doesn't have a [ __ ] her
[ __ ] is too small that she stares
at her and doesn't dare look back that she
's a coward that she's a
coward that the one who grabs her and she goes after
her and I don't know what I mean like Of
course I'm completely sure
that Olga is not going to be convicted I bet
you guys something I would dare to
bet me something with you guys but I don't
want to bet because I had a trial
you can you can be very sure that
you're going to win or you're going to lose but maybe
in the first instance the judge
we're not in the Lore and he says Oh but
this is very delicate there but
this is ugly but I don't believe it
or I mean honestly if the trial were
last week at the end of December
I think we'll have a sentence that
tells us what happened here we have
audio of Olga Moreno for all of
you so that you can share it on
Twitter with all the people who are
supporting her with all the people who have
made her a trend with all the
people who don't swallow the
manipulation of blinded information and
for all the blue tide that wants
Olga 10 9 8 7 6 5 3
2 1 let's
see Javier I think that
that audio wasn't that audio is
something else he was talking to me about
something from the scene
why did I realize
is that I hadn't realized that he had
sent me another audio Now listen to me
that audio is not worth it he's giving me that  He's
explaining something to me about dinner,
a recipe,
the tablespoon I have to put in,
listen to me
[Laughter]
That wasn't it, that wasn't it, that wasn't it, that wasn't it, that wasn't it, that wasn't it,
false alarm
This is a false take This was a
false take
Hi Javi How are you? Good night everyone,
nothing I don't usually go anywhere I don't usually
go into your channels But it's
true that I feel the need to
thank you all To all the
Blue Tide For your support I feel
totally grateful and nothing Send you a
kiss and that I'm calm that I'm
fine
and nothing Thank you as always, thank you for
everything you do for me and my
family
[Applause]
[Music]
What I thought I was to love no longer
existed that kisses are given away on
any corner
I who thought that I was to love it was just a
game but I look at you and I'm dying to
have you